You know, right?
I'm glad you're back,
but, uh, once you're in, you're in.
I'm in.
Got something for you.
"The reasonable man
adapts himself to the world,
the unreasonable one persists
in trying to adapt the world to himself.
Therefore all progress depends
on the unreasonable man."
This is it. No way out this time.
I trust you, Kevin.
I better, I'm putting my whole life
in your hands.
-  How was Tokyo?
- Crowded.
-  Anything to declare?
-  I wish.
- Welcome to New York, Mr. Cairns.
- Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Good morning, sir.
I left my, um, suitcase in the museum
last Thursday on one of the lower floors.
That's not cool. What's it look like, man?
It's, um, like a medium metallic spinner.
Hang on.
- Ah, this it?
- That's it.
You don't want to know how I lost it.
- Good to go.
- All right, thank you very much.
- Cheers.
Good morning.
So, I will just need your ID
and a credit card, for instance.
Would you like the real one
or the fake one?
The real one, please. Thank you.
- And that's yours. Have a nice day.
- Thank you very much.
"Nearly all men can stand adversity,
but if you want to test
a man's character..."
Are we clear? Proceed with drop-off?
We're en route. Please stand by.
What am I paying you fucking morons for?
You know the number on the container.
Now go and find it, and find it now.
And a sincere happy birthday, my man.
Thank you. Wow.
♪ Happy birthday to you
Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday to Papa
Hip-hip, hooray
Go on, we'll get to that.
I am so sorry, Monica.
Meeting me is why you're here,
not out there living your life somewhere.
I'm sorry.
I wish you were here.
You see that girl at the end of the bar?
Yes, sir.
Buy her a drink, and tell her
I said thanks, but no thanks.
Understood, sir.
What the hell?
Who are you?
Why me?
Ow!
Buongiorno.
- Welcome to Italy, Mr. Sites.
- Grazie.
- Buongiorno.
-  Buongiorno.
- Did you guys steal my suitcase?
- Uh, what color is it?
- Black.
- Yeah, I think we have something.
Thank you.
May I see your passport?
Right, right. Perfecto.
Gotta put a leash on that thing.
- There you go, Mr. Sites.
- Thank you.
"I cannot think,
but we have much to be thankful for
and more still to hope for in the future."
I know who you are.
- I know what you're doing.
- And what's that?
You flew here earlier today.
Got your instructions
from a local newspaper.
You picked up a bag at lost and found.
Same as you always do,
same as in New York.
Inside was this gun, picture of the person
you're supposed to kill.
Sound about right so far?
Look, my name is Kacey
and you're Shaw, right?
Evan Shaw?
I have a story for you and you're not
gonna believe it, but I have proof.
Everything I've learned about you
and The Division you work for
is in a file there on the desk.
What file?
You wanna dance?
-  Who do you work for?
- MI6.
I was sent here to investigate
the U.S. Tourism Division,
supposedly a branch of the CIA
that sends you to kill people.
Only it doesn't exist.
Yeah, black ops is funny like that.
No, I mean, it really doesn't exist
as in it never existed,
as in you've never worked for the CIA.
The Division, as you know it, was created
and run by Kevin Angler for someone,
we don't know who, but it was shut down
10 years ago when he died.
What are you talking about,
Angler isn't dead.
Can you prove that?
'Cause I can prove he is, check the file.
- Wait, wait, I have proof.
- Quiet.
Listen, I'm not an officer, I'm not.
I'm just an analyst. Just an analyst.
Wait, wait. This case was open for years.
It was opened by Monica Walker.
What did you just say?
Monica Walker. MI6.
She was an analyst like me,
before my time.
Monica Walker is dead.
I know.
Put that in your mouth, all the way.
You sit tight.
-  Buona sera.
- Buona sera.
Do you have a computer I can use.
Well, I have been married, right?
But it didn't work.
Not in this life. It doesn't work.
For me anyway.
I mean, it's my fault probably,
I would say.
I don't see how it can work.
- I mean, with this lifestyle.
-  No. Uh-uh.
- But I met a really great woman.
- There it is.
- Huh? I mean, really great.
- All right.
I've never felt like this.
I've never thought about having a family
or a normal life or settling down,
having a kid, you know, until I met her,
and then I thought, "Well, hey,
maybe that's not such a bad idea."
- Anyone I know?
- No.
- No?
- Nah, I've actually known her a long time.
I met her in Syria.
Okay. There you go, Monica.
-  Yeah. Monica, it's Monica. Yeah.
Well, it's nothing
to be embarrassed about.
No, I mean, look, dude, I'm a soldier.
I've never-- I'm not used to this.
I wish you luck, really, I do,
I wish you luck.
But, um, you know, I'm gonna miss you.
I mean, you keep your friends close
in this job, that's for sure.
But...
Monica.
- Monica?
- Monica.
- We'll see.
Hi.
I told you to sit tight.
I've been doing this
I don't know how many years,
and you're telling me, all this time
I've been doing it for someone else.
- For someone that you don't know, yes.
- For who?
MI6?
- Where's your team?
- Oh, I'm on my own.
No, MI6 didn't even think
I'd make it this far.
They want me to go back to London
and give a full report.
But if I do that, whoever's actually
behind this might get away.
How do you know
I'm not the one behind this?
You're not. You're not.
I know everything about you.
- You didn't even know Angler was dead.
- I still don't know Angler's dead.
Oh.
Oh, thank you.
Sorry about that.
Look, believe me,
I know what it's like to be alone.
Nothing but loyalty
to what you believe in.
I get it.
But I'm here because someone
is using you to hurt other people,
and I wanna try and stop that.
But I need help.
Your help.
Look, I am on a 10:00 a.m. flight to Malta
in the morning.
And you can either stay here
and follow orders
and kill whoever the person is
in that file in your safe,
or you can come with me,
try and figure out the truth.
And I totally, by the way, understand
if, you know, you need some time
to think on it, sleep on it.
Uh, if you want in the morning,
we can meet up.
There's a really great little coffee shop
down the corner.
I always think better after a cappuccino.
Mm-hm.
Or I could lock you in the bathroom.
What? Come on. Really?
This is getting ridiculous.
Hey, you fucker,
you can't just lock me in here.
Quiet, people are trying to sleep.
Can I at least get a blanket?
Use a towel. They're Egyptian cotton.
Those don't even exist.
I mean, you say
you still don't know Angler is dead,
but you know Monica is.
Do you really know how though?
What if it wasn't
actually just an accident.
- What? Does this mean...?
- We're going to Malta? Yes.
Can you, uh, wait up, please?
Very fast walker.
Sorry.
If we're gonna do this,
we do it my way.
Which means you do what I say
when I say it.
- Is that understood?
-  Yeah, of course, not a problem.
You got anything important in this?
Uh, just basically everything that I own.
- What?
- Rule number one.
We move fast and travel light.
Well, can I at least keep my purse?
Because I have my mouth guard in here.
- I grind my teeth and--
- For now.
Thank you.
And just so we're clear,
if the thought even crosses my mind
that you're playing me,
I'll slit your throat
and leave you on the side of the road.
That's very graphic.
This is Liona at corporate.
Our consultant has just gone off mission.
It's clear he doesn't know about
the hidden body GPS that's tracking him.
Judging by the map, it looks like
he's on a boat of some kind.
I need you to place an ad
in Malta's biggest newspaper immediately.
Yes, sir.
Run it as long as it takes to get a reply.
I'm ready for the copy, sir.
I don't understand why we didn't just lie.
I mean, I already had the tickets.
We could have been there by now.
Whenever there's a choice,
always choose something with an exit.
Oh, is that rule number two?
Do ferries have exits?
Yeah, they do.
You know, you're really not
what I expected.
I thought after all this time alone,
you'd at least be looking
for someone to talk to.
No, I'm pretty comfortable
with not talking.
Aren't you at least curious
as to how I found you?
Not at all.
I was recruited by MI6
right out of university.
One day I was given the open case file
to the U.S. Tourism Division.
Now, it sounded official,
but had nothing to show for itself.
So, color my interest piqued.
I managed to liberate
some classified reports
and they all showed one organization
entirely devoted to the support
of one field operative.
And wherever he went,
a high-profile murder occurred.
And who was that?
No, you fit the age
and other parameters.
So the closer I looked, the more you
seemed like the ghost I was tracking.
But I didn't know your name,
just your face, your habits.
And once I was able
to establish a pattern,
actually became pretty easy to find you.
No one ever did
because no one was ever looking,
until me.
So what's this lead we're following?
Well, The Division has offices all over
and they're still there,
but most of them have never been used.
But there's one in Malta that has been,
it's abandoned now though.
No one's ever found me
and lived.
All right.
We're not together.
No eye contact with anyone.
Lean away from security cameras.
Yeah, I know how to walk through
a secure location, thank you.
Yeah.
Thank you.
I, uh, have to use the little girl's room.
Of course you do.
Why are you in Malta?
Your assignment's in Rome.
I wanna know who I'm working for.
Why? Nothing's changed.
What you mean, nothing's changed?
Angler's dead. That's changed.
Who is this?
Return to Rome, finish the mission.
Maybe I'll come find you instead.
Finish the mission
or you'll become the mission.
Do you understand?
- So, what did I miss?
- All done?
Okay.
- This is Butler.
-  He's on his way to Malta.
I'll send you his body GPS.
Gentlemen. Showtime.
-  Fucking go.
-  Move!
You've been here before?
Sir?
Can I help you with something?
Yes, I'm, uh,
looking for the U.S. Tourism Division.
This is Malta.
Why would there be
a U.S. Tourism Division here?
I go where the road takes me.
Right this way. He's been expecting you.
You've been here before?
Yeah, once or twice.
Hey, sir, you have a guest.
Kev.
Hi.
So if this was the CIA, why didn't they
set it up at the American Embassy?
Non-official cover.
Angler hated any kind of oversight.
You, the elevator.
This is where Angler and I
had the meetings.
Uh, you know, fun fact, actually.
Spiral staircases were
actually created for firehouses
back when firemen still rode horses.
'Cause horses can't walk in circles.
So they couldn't get, you know...
stairs at night.
Look at that.
What is it?
Ever seen one these before?
No. Yeah, I know what a cassette is.
Contact, number four.
Come on.
I know where he's going.
Back to the house. Back to the house.
Come on, Kacey.
Let's try to the right.
GPS is not accurate enough.
Back to the house.
Access to the roof. Move it!
Come on, Kacey.
We're outside.
Come on, Kacey. Come on.
Come on.
Come on, Kacey.
Don't tell me you lost them, again.
Cathedral.
On me.
Come on, Kacey.
Move, move!
Go, Kacey, go. Come on.
Come on. All right, go on.
-  Move, move!
-  Go, go, go, go.
Let's go.
To the right, go, go, go.
Do you know where we are going?
Come on.
Everybody out! Now!
Come on. All right, come on.
Shit
Anyone?
Satellite's lost them.
Who the hell were those people?
The Maltese police?
Those weren't police officers.
- How do you know?
- No badges, or unit numbers.
No police cars.
-  So then who were they?
-  Mercenaries.
See, I told you
I was onto something with this.
Why else would mercenaries respond to
a break-in at a defunct government office?
- Somebody hired them.
- Exactly, but who?
Back to base.
Getting away from the authorities.
And we need to reprogram our target's GPS.
-  So, what are we looking for?
-  A car.
We're gonna need a place to stay,
for tonight at least.
Well, MI6 has a safe house
here in Malta we can use.
Bingo.
This car suits you.
Old and slow.
So, uh, yeah, the house
is just a little bit down this road.
All right.
Anybody in there?
Okay.
Don't ever get too comfortable.
And always make sure
wherever you stay is safe.
You must be a really big hit
at parties, huh?
I don't go to parties.
That's a shocker.
All right, we got power.
Kevin, did you really
think you'd get away with this forever?
Yeah, Sean,
I kind of thought I might, yeah.
That's Angler.
We never resort to killing.
Your military days are over.
But the first voice is Irish. Who's Sean?
You know I can still
make a difference here.
- I'll find new funding and--
-  Kevin, you're not listening.
You went rogue.
That's it, you're done, you're out.
It's over.
The Division is a success, right?
You think you can play God, Kevin?
The CIA has government rules.
You're way out of line here.
You're not getting away with this.
Sean, are you threatening me,
sweetheart?
You went rogue on us.
That's it, you're out, it's over.
You okay?
I don't buy it. Any of it.
Did Angler sound like he was about
to retire on that tape to you?
No, he didn't.
But there's all kinds of things online
if you know where to look for them.
I had to gather as much or more
information on other people.
Angler had no family, so...
What do you mean, he didn't have a family?
He told me once he had a family.
No, not that I found.
That's why the state took over his burial
and sale of his estate.
None of that makes any sense.
Were you and Angler friends?
Oh, I don't know.
I don't know
what that means anymore, friends.
Kevin.
- Kevin, Kevin.
-  Wait, wait, wait, I'm on...
We were brothers in arms.
So you gave up any chance of having
a real life just for this mission?
I was serving my country.
You know, there are other ways
to serve your country
that don't involve you
being alone forever.
Maybe this is a wakeup call of sorts.
Yeah.
I gotta figure out who this Sean guy is,
and the council he's talking about.
Let's get some rest.
- I'll take the couch.
- Okay.
If you get cold, there's some towels.
I don't know
if they're Egyptian cotton or not, but...
- You just couldn't help yourself.
- No, I couldn't.
Night.
- Night, Shaw.
- Goodnight.
Only got two mags left.
- There you go.
- Thank you.
Oh, I was married once, right?
I mean, it didn't work.
I mean, mostly my fault.
Actually, it was all my fault.
But, no, it didn't work.
I'm just a soldier.
I don't know about this stuff.
- It's embarrassing.
- It's not embarrassing.
It's not embarrassing. I wish you luck.
I really do, I wish you luck.
I mean, I'm gonna miss you though.
I mean, in this business, what we do,
you keep your friends close, right?
- Yeah.
-  So that's it, that's your advice?
Yeah.
"Broken wings.
Rise anew."
Is there any more details
on who the fuck this guy is?
He slipped away like a pro,
and you know it.
There's something off about this guy.
Bastard's smart.
He's somewhere in a GPS dead zone.
I'll find him.
- Good morning.
- Morning.
Wait, is that--
Water supply pipe from the ice machine?
No.
Okay.
Works.
I'll get us some breakfast.
Be ready to work when I get back.
Aye-aye, captain.
Rule number five,
action beats reaction every time.
- Everything all right?
- Excuse me.
This is kind of an emergency,
but do you have a telephone I can use?
Sure, we've got one behind the counter
you can use.
Thank you.
Find what you're looking for?
Not yet, but I'm getting closer.
This is your last chance.
Return to Rome and complete your mission.
Why?
The Division is gone.
I saw it with my own eyes.
You saw an empty office.
- What does that prove?
- That the girl may be right after all.
The girl is not who you think she is.
Really?
I suppose you want me to kill her then?
She's already dead. So are you.
Move, move!
He's behind us. Turn around.
He's not fucking here. He's gone.
- He's not here.
- He must be close.
Follow my lead.
GPS is blocked again.
I know of an MI6 safe house close by.
Kacey! Kacey.
- Kacey.
- What? Hi.
Come on. We gotta get out of here.
Move.
Light it up.
Alfonse, move in.
Get the fuck off.
Right on time.
Fuck you going?
Come on. Let's go.
-  Are you hurt?
-  No, are you?
I'm good.
iPad's gone.
We need a new approach.
We're losing too many men.
That's the job.
We knew it going into this.
He says he's American?
He didn't.
I think we're taking out one of our own.
I don't care if he's got a Medal of Honor.
He's dead.
Are you okay?
What are you doing?
You're not MI6, are you?
- What?
- That wasn't a safe house.
There's no weapons, no safety protocols.
You already had your laptop there.
Stop lying to me.
- Stop lying to me.
- No, no.
That was a safe house.
It just hasn't been used in years,
like I told you last night.
And I am MI6.
Well, I used to be.
Wait, if you knew then why did you
even bother coming back for me?
I don't want questions.
I want answers. Who are you?
Talk or I disappear.
Who sent you?
Monica Walker was my mother.
She died years ago in a car accident.
And I never met my father until yesterday.
Bullshit.
She never told you.
I'm gonna give you one more chance.
Tell me the truth. Who sent you?
Look.
My birthmark.
Look familiar to you?
It's the same one you have.
She called you Evander, your real name.
The Arcadian wise man in Greek mythology.
She said that you hated it.
I'm telling you the truth.
What month you were born?
April.
What color was her hair?
Brown.
Infinity.
Love is infinite.
Where are all the chairs?
Come join me.
-  Are you sure?
- Yeah.
- What's your name?
- Monica, what's yours?
I can't tell you, I'd have to kill you.
Dangerous man.
Thanks for saving me.
Happy to help.
Hi.
A social worker...
gave me this when I was a teenager.
It's my mom's diary.
In it she wrote about
being pregnant when you left.
She also wrote about
trying to contact you.
She was blocked by red tape
and outright lies at every turn.
I never knew.
None.
I was buried in work in Seoul
and that's when I was approached
by the CIA, by Angler.
After that, it was...
a whole different life.
Um, were you working for Angler
when you were with my mom?
No.
- I met a really great woman.
-  Monica.
- Monica?
- Monica.
How'd you meet her?
I broke my rules.
I fell in love with her...
the second I saw her.
She stopped my heart.
How long were you two together?
Come on, I mean, you know, it's only
natural that I would wanna talk about it.
I mean, you're my dad, you know?
Not long enough.
Saying goodbye to her was, uh...
one of the hardest things
I've ever done in my life.
Then why'd you do it?
Because I'm a good little soldier.
So that was it? You just never--
You never thought about her again or...?
Yeah, I thought about her.
I flew to London.
- To see my mom?
- Yes.
We hadn't spoken in a few years
and I couldn't get her out of my mind.
So I thought...
if anybody could change my mind,
it was your mother.
She had a way of doing that, you know?
She's...
I was a few hours too late.
I always wondered,
you know, if I'd gotten there a day early.
Life is cruel.
Let's get some rest, set up,
we got a lot of work to do.
Yeah, I know.
I know somewhere that we can go.
Let's go rest up.
What are you doing?
What is this?
It's where I do my work.
I decode the ads.
Is it hard to decode them?
No, every code has a key.
Once you know what it is, it's easy.
I mean, the pictures,
the drawings, they're beautiful.
Did you draw them?
Yeah.
No one's ever seen those before.
What do they mean?
Registry of every...
kill that I've done.
Of everyone I've ever...
retired.
What's your key?
Just so I can read them.
I don't know,
I think that they might help us
find what we're looking for.
Everything's one character off.
It alternates
between forwards and backwards.
Do you mind if I keep this for tonight,
just to study it?
All right.
Thanks.
You up all night?
- Good morning.
- Morning.
Look, I mean,
this is before The Division closed.
All of your jobs were for terrorists,
dictators, African warlords,
all bad guys, right?
Then after The Division closed,
it changed.
It was scientists, CEOs, politicians.
Yes, some were bad guys, but there were
also some others as well, right?
CEOs and scientists aren't bad guys?
Okay, true, but you can't deny
there was a change, right?
And this is only like
a couple of hours of work.
You know, there's a library
not too far from here.
Do you think it's safe?
It's right in here.
Okay.
Meet His Excellency, Sean Davis
of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta.
Or should I say "meet again,"
'cause, you know,
you killed him the first time.
"The Knights of Malta."
The Sub-Priory of Ballygowan in Ireland.
So this is the guy
on the tape with Angler.
Kevin, if you continue doing this,
I have no choice
but to report you to the council.
I don't know if Davis
was guilty of any crimes,
but do you wanna hear a theory?
Go ahead.
I don't think
Angler ever worked for the CIA.
I think that's just what he told you.
- Once you're in, you're in.
- I'm in.
What, you think he worked
for the Knights of Malta?
That I was assassinating people
for a charitable organization?
Sort of, I mean,
you heard Davis on the tape.
He said that
they needed to find new funding
in order to keep the Knights
from finding out and stopping them.
But he was hiding a secret program.
Used to kill bad guys.
Keep your friends close in this job.
So Angler had me kill Davis
before Davis could kill Angler.
Yeah, and then he and whoever
he worked with moved on.
Angler died. And now you've been working
for this other person or people.
Look, I don't know what connects it all
or how they benefit from them all dying.
- But if we can figure that out...
- We'll find out who's behind all this.
Yeah, exactly.
Everything was a lie.
I haven't told you this.
- I wasn't sure what it meant.
-  What?
When you were tied to the chair
in the hotel room,
I went downstairs to confirm
Angler's death online.
And you said that obituaries
get reprinted in various places,
- but usually are all the same, right?
- Right.
Well, one of the obituaries I found
was different than the others.
The photo of Angler was different.
- And there was a poem with it.
-  What'd it say?
"Against broken wings,
a front afraid, rise anew."
That's Angler's kind of code.
Against broken wings.
A code, but what does it mean?
The code's Griffin.
Griffin?
I'm getting a really bad feeling
about all this.
Are we doing something illegal?
Look, business
is cutthroat sometimes, okay?
You know how important
corporate intelligence is
and that's what this guy does.
We've created a state-of-the-art program
around him and us to protect us.
Are you sure the big boss
isn't gonna punish us?
It'll be fine, I promise.
Where the fuck are you?
He's at the library in Valletta.
Go there now.
Yeah, well,
we got a little problem here, chief.
We lost a lot of men
fighting this problem.
I don't give a fuck!
The bonus I just put in your account
should be more than enough
to cover losses. Get there now!
Fuck!
Okay, so ever since The Division
was shut down,
all of the jobs that you've done
that don't seem to include bad guys,
all affected the stock market.
And there's one company
that has benefited greatly from it.
The Griffin Group.
-  The Griffin Group?
-  Yeah.
They're hedge fund conglomerates.
And guess where they're based?
-  Malta?
-  Yep.
They're like one of the top hedge funds
in the world.
So they've had me
eliminating innocent people
so they could make money.
Sure seems that way.
Sounds like we need
to pay them a little visit.
Okay.
Oh, shit. Fuck.
I have to call you back.
You know who I am?
The consultant.
The corporate intelligence guy.
Is that what they're calling it?
Take us to him.
Okay.
Tony, we have a visitor.
Whoa!
Fuck. In the flesh.
The main man.
You like what you see?
Huh? What do you think of the offices?
I mean, you helped build them
and now we're one of the biggest
hedge funds in the world.
And how do you do that
when everyone has access
to the same information
using the same skills?
You cheat.
Hey, lady...
I'm just an opportunist, lady, okay?
And you thought we'd never find out?
Eh, yeah, I did actually.
We had to work very hard
to keep every aspect of him working.
But at the end of the day,
business is business, right?
- We ain't in business.
-  Oh, really?
At least let me make you an offer.
Give it your best shot.
But it better be about more than money.
You know, he was right about you,
wasn't he?
He said you can pay a man to do anything,
but convince him he's doing it
for a cause, and he'll do it for free.
- Who is "he"?
- I'm not telling you.
Not unless we're negotiating.
- I love negotiating.
-  Yeah.
You want power.
You want to be the puppet master.
I can give you exactly what you need.
So come on.
What do you say?
Shaw, no. No.
No.
Fuck, we could rule the world together,
me and you.
You sold me.
Okay. I'll give you his location.
Let's get started.
Do you need a boat?
Yeah, a fast one.
Come on, come on. Come on, come on.
Frisky.
What do you think, Grand National?
Come on.
Hey.
-  Hey.
- Here you go.
How you doing? You all right?
I couldn't resist it,
you know what I mean?
Not exactly subtle.
I mean, I only just bought it.
But...
How you doing?
You all right?
You look good.
You look really, really good.
Aw, fuck me.
-  You lied to me, you piece of shit.
- All right.
Calm down, all right.
Yeah.
- Of course I fucking lied to you.
- Fighting for my country, Kevin.
Who's it--
It doesn't really matter
who you're working for, does it?
I mean, you're killing "bad guys,"
aren't you?
Sean Davis a bad guy?
No.
No, no, Sean's a sweetheart. Yeah.
You looking for a few answers, right?
Come on in.
I'll show you around.
You know what, maybe you're right.
Maybe I'm just a greedy bastard.
Maybe you should just kill me now.
All right.
Your old pal Griffin
sent me over here to kill you.
Makes sense. Took his fucking time though.
Did you do a deal with him?
Yeah, we're still in negotiations.
His boy's gonna be over any minute now,
- trying to kill us all.
- I know. Yeah.
I'm not exactly, you know, blind here,
but you know that.
You know what really bothers me
ever since I found out
you still thought about my mom?
What are the chances she would die
right before Shaw
was about to leave The Division.
I mean, you knew she was the only person
he would ever leave for,
and you knew
if anything were to happen to her,
he would never try anything again.
I like this one, she's a keeper.
My only question is,
why didn't you try to kill me too?
You know, well, I told him,
like way back when, like the beginning.
I told him that this job
is not for men like him.
What if I took your life, Kev?
Mm. Well, okay.
What the hell is that?
Uh, it's Griffin.
Just...
Uh, Colin, could you lock it down?
Thanks, mate.
If you could just hold off killing me,
just for a sec.
We'll have some fun? Okay.
Disciple 6,
come into the grid on those CVs. Over.
- You got any weapons here?
- Yeah, yeah, loads of them.
Over there, loads of them.
That's it.
Okay.
What kind of music you like?
- Don't make a mess, all right.
- Oh, come on, Kev.
Who's your favorite Spice Girl?
- None of the Spice Girls.
-  You don't like the Spice Girls?
Who doesn't like the Spice Girls?
I like Mel.
Doris Day, anyone?
Disciple 6, you're clear to engage.
Fuck.
Team two, main house, now.
Fucking told you so, didn't I?
Found a secondary route
through the basement.
Bring the cars around to these gates.
You hear that, Tanner?
All right. Yeah.
Open fire!
Kev?
No, no, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead.
Dead already.
Take this. Take this.
- Yeah, I got you.
- All right. Good luck.
I got your back, all right?
Good luck.
All right, I got you, I got your back.
Come on, let's go.
-  Go, go, go.
- On me.
Fuck, where are you?
Oh, shit. Hold on, I'll get you a bandage.
He's not fucking here.
He's not here.
He's gone.
Here. Oh, fuck.
Here you go.
There's a hidden staircase in the kitchen.
Always choose something
with an exit, right?
Yeah. You remembered, huh?
We've gotta find him.
He has to be in the building.
Split into two groups.
Here we go.
- You go up, I'll cover you.
- What? No, no, we go together.
- No.
- Go on, Kacey, go on.
No, I didn't come all this way
just to leave you behind.
You came all this way for the truth
and you found it, now let's go.
- No, I won't just leave you here.
- Kacey, listen to me.
You're brilliant, you're beautiful,
you're everything your mother ever was.
But I just found you.
You did more than find me, you saved me.
- You got your gun?
- Yeah.
All right.
This ain't over yet, let's go.
Move, go, go, go.
Go, go, go.
Come on, move.
Go.
Whoa! Cover. Cover.
Go!
Dad!
I don't know
what to say, Monica, except...
I'm gonna give this father a thing a try.
I'm gonna give it everything I have.
I'm gonna protect our daughter.
I promise you that.
You know, there's a place
that she really liked right near here.
- We can go get lunch there if you want.
- Let's go.
You got a new journal.
So I guess no more breaking codes, just...
No.
Just drawing beautiful things.
You know, I, um...
I have been on my own so long
I don't know
if I know how to be any other way.
But, um...
I mean, I thought...
Maybe we could figure it out together.
Yeah, I'd like that.
There's one other thing
I have to take care of first.
Whatever you say, Dad.
I'll see you later.
See you later.
Yeah.
She's already had a fortune.
She's not having no more.
Yeah, well, you can tell her
I don't fly by that load.
They both know what I'm capable of.
"He who knows when he can fight
and when he not, will be victorious."
Negotiations are over.